doc: serverless to hybrid transition (#21604)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/dagster-plus/deployment/serverless.mdx

To switch to Hybrid, navigate to **Status > Agents** in your Dagster+ account. On this page, you can disable the Serverless agent on and view instructions for enabling Hybrid.

> After changing the deployment type, you will need to update your code locations' images and configuration to be compatible with the particular flavor Hybrid agent that you chose. Complete the following steps to finalize the transition:

Author: ```suggestion
After changing the deployment type, you will need to update your code locations' images and configuration to be compatible with the type of Hybrid agent that you chose. Complete the following steps to finalize the transition:
```

To switch to Hybrid, navigate to **Status > Agents** in your Dagster+ account. On this page, you can disable the Serverless agent on and view instructions for enabling Hybrid.

After changing the deployment type, you will need to update your code locations' images and configuration to be compatible with the particular flavor Hybrid agent that you chose.

Be sure to review the following steps:

- Update the code location configurations in [`dagster_cloud.yaml`](/dagster-plus/managing-deployments/dagster-cloud-yaml) to adapt it as needed for the specificities of the agent you are using if necessary. See these references for help:

  - [Amazon ECS agent configuration reference](/dagster-plus/deployment/agents/amazon-ecs/configuration-reference#per-location-configuration)
  - [Kubernetes agent configuration reference](/dagster-plus/deployment/agents/kubernetes/configuration-reference#per-location-configuration)
  - [Docker agent configuration reference](/dagster-plus/deployment/agents/docker/configuration-reference#docker-agent-configuration-reference)

> - Replace your current build process and use it to publish new images for your code locations and update your deployment with the new configurations.

Reviewer: I keep getting stuck on the wording here. We're basically asking people to go through the CI/CD steps in the Getting Started guide, right?

Author: I guess I was mindful that not every user use our CI/CD, so I was trying to say: whatever was your process, it needs to change

Author: ... and also stressing that it needs to be executed at least once to replace the existing images and the code locations.

```suggestion
- Update your CI/CD process and execute it to publish new container image and configuration for each code location.
```

Author: is it better?

Reviewer: It's good to be mindful! With that context I see where this is going.

Would it be fair to say something like:

> **Update your build process** to publish a new container image and configuration for each code location. To use Dagster's CI/CD process, refer to [Step 4 of the Dagster+ getting started guide](/dagster-plus/getting-started#).

Author: sold

  - [Step 4. Configure CI/CD for your project](/dagster-plus/getting-started#step-4-configure-cicd-for-your-project)

> - Some features of Serverless deployments needs to be replaced with Hybrid equivalent:
> 
>   - Using [lifecycle hooks](/dagster-plus/deployment/serverless#disabling-pex-based-deploys) to customize the code location runtime environment can be replaced by customizing the [`Dockerfile`](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster-cloud-hybrid-quickstart/blob/main/Dockerfile) used to build its image.
>   - [Non-isolated runs](/dagster-plus/deployment/serverless#non-isolated-runs) have no direct equivalent in Hybrid deployments. However, you can explore using the [`in_process_executor` or `multiprocess_executor`](/_apidocs/execution#executors) for specific jobs or for whole code locations to reduce the overhead.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Replace Serverless-only features with their Hybrid equivalents**:
   - [**Lifecycle hooks**](#disabling-pex-based-deploys) - To customize a code location's runtime environment, customize  the code location's [`Dockerfile`](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster-cloud-hybrid-quickstart/blob/main/Dockerfile) to build its image 
   - [**Non-isolated runs**](#non-isolated-runs) - While this feature doesn't have a direct Hybrid equivalent, experiment with the [`in_process_executor` or `multiprocess_executor`](/_apidocs/execution#executors) for specific jobs or entire code locations to reduce overhead.
```

Suggesting some formatting changes to make the important bits stand out a bit more.
